c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\HangfireMvc.dll.config
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\HangfireMvc.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\HangfireMvc.pdb
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\obj\Debug\HangfireMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\obj\Debug\HangfireMvc.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\obj\Debug\HangfireMvc.pdb
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.Msmq.dll
c:\users\bernard.wolff\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangfireMvc\HangfireMvc\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.Msmq.xml
